gh-101100: Fix Sphinx warnings in `turtle` module (#102340)
python/cpython: Doc/library/turtle.rst

   on a :class:`TurtleScreen`.  Its constructor needs a Canvas, ScrolledCanvas
   or TurtleScreen as argument, so the RawTurtle objects know where to draw.

>    Derived from RawTurtle is the subclass :class:`Turtle` (alias: :class:`~turtle.Pen`),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Derived from RawTurtle is the subclass :class:`Turtle` (alias: :class:`Pen`),
```

This should just be `Pen`, since it is a class under the current module, just like `Turtle` is earlier in the very same sentence.

Short explanation of selected entries:

> - The first four lines correspond to the arguments of the :meth:`turtle.setup`

Reviewer: For these, where the mentions contain the additional information as to the specific class these methods belong to, you could retain that while still fixing the problem by using an explicit title. Furthermore, as documented these are module-level functions, not class-level methods, and using a redundant explicit `turtle` here implies that `turtle` is the class (as I initially thought), not just the (redundant) module name. So, I would suggest:

```suggestion
- The first four lines correspond to the arguments of the :func:`Screen.setup <setup>`
```

And the same with the others.

  method.
- Line 5 and 6 correspond to the arguments of the method

>   :func:`screensize`.

Reviewer: Like on the previous line, you can retain the existing text and information while still fixing the reference by doing

```suggestion
  :func:`Screen.screensize <screensize>`.
```

> .. tabularcolumns:: |l|L|L|

Reviewer: The reason everything breaks below and requires `~turtle.` be prepended is due to the module being switched above to `turtledemo` by the `.. module::` directive. Since nothing being formally documented under that module namespace (by design, presumably), it would be a lot simpler, more robust and less noisy to revert the changes below this line that prepend it, and add the following here instead to switch it back:

```suggestion
.. currentmodule:: turtle

.. tabularcolumns:: |l|L|L|
```

| tree           | a (graphical) breadth        | :func:`~turtle.clone`         |
|                | first tree (using generators)|                               |
+----------------+------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| two_canvases   | simple design                | turtles on two                |
|                |                              | canvases                      |
+----------------+------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| yinyang        | another elementary example   | :func:`~turtle.circle`        |
+----------------+------------------------------+-------------------------------+

Have fun!

Changes since Python 2.6
========================

- The methods :meth:`turtle.tracer`, :meth:`turtle.window_width` and
  :meth:`turtle.window_height` have been eliminated.
  Methods with these names and functionality are now available only
  as methods of :class:`~turtle.Screen`. The functions derived from these remain
  available. (In fact already in Python 2.6 these methods were merely
  duplications of the corresponding
  :class:`~turtle.TurtleScreen`/:class:`~turtle.Screen` methods.)

> - The method ``Turtle.fill`` has been eliminated.

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be a smaller delta and more semantically correct to do:

```suggestion
- The method :meth:`!Turtle.fill` has been eliminated.
```

Changes since Python 2.6
========================

- The methods :func:`tracer`, :func:`window_width` and

>   :func:`window_height` have been eliminated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The methods :func:`Turtle.tracer <tracer>`, :func:`Turtle.window_width <window_width>` and
  :func:`Turtle.window_height <window_height>` have been eliminated.
```

Likewise, these should retain the previous link text. This is particularly problematic since it is explicitly referring to the methods of the `Turtle` class being moved to `Screen`, while still remaining module-level functions, and thus it now doesn't make sense (since it refers to "methods" but doesn't state which class, which is the critical bit here.

  Methods with these names and functionality are now available only
  as methods of :class:`Screen`. The functions derived from these remain
  available. (In fact already in Python 2.6 these methods were merely
  duplications of the corresponding
  :class:`TurtleScreen`/:class:`Screen` methods.)

- The method :func:`!Turtle.fill` has been eliminated.
  The behaviour of :func:`begin_fill` and :func:`end_fill`
  have changed slightly: now every filling process must be completed with an
  ``end_fill()`` call.

> - A method :func:`filling` has been added. It returns a boolean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A method :func:`Turtle.filling <filling>` has been added. It returns a boolean
```

This preserves the existing information, and makes more sense since the current text explicitly calls this a "method" (but then doesn't specify on which class).

  value: ``True`` if a filling process is under way, ``False`` otherwise.
  This behaviour corresponds to a ``fill()`` call without arguments in
  Python 2.6.

Changes since Python 3.0
========================

- The methods :func:`shearfactor`, :func:`shapetransform` and

>   :func:`get_shapepoly` have been added. Thus the full range of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The :class:`Turtle` methods :func:`shearfactor`, :func:`shapetransform` and
  :func:`get_shapepoly` have been added. Thus the full range of
```

Likewise, this preserves the information that these are methods of `Turtle`, and makes more sense as they are described to be methods. Here I added a mentioned of the class up front rather than adding it to every method, as it is shorter, easier to read and avoids duplication.

  regular linear transforms is now available for transforming turtle shapes.
  :func:`tiltangle` has been enhanced in functionality: it now can
  be used to get or set the tilt angle. :func:`settiltangle` has been
  deprecated.

> - The method :func:`onkeypress` has been added as a complement to
>   :func:`onkey` which in fact binds actions to the key release event.
>   Accordingly the latter has got an alias: :func:`onkeyrelease`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The :class:`Screen` method :func:`onkeypress` has been added as a complement to
  :func:`onkey`. As the latter binds actions to the key release event,
  an alias: :func:`onkeyrelease` was also added for it.
```

* Add back the methods' classes.
* Avoid confusing and ambiguous structure
* Fix phrasing

> - The method  :func:`mainloop` has been added. So when working only
>   with ``Screen`` and ``Turtle`` objects one must not additionally import
>   ``mainloop`` anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The method :func:`Screen.mainloop <mainloop>` has been added,
  so there is no longer a need to use the standalone :func:`mainloop` function
  when working with :class:`Screen` and :class:`Turtle` objects.
```

* Restore the text to reference the `Screen.mainloop` method instead of the module-level `mainloop` function, as this is explicitly talking about the former added and making it no longer necessary to use the latter.
* Revise the text to be much more clear, grammatical and actually communicate the actual change—I was very confused reading the original, and had to check the commit history and old docs to confirm what actually happened.
* Cross-reference and appropriately format the class names and top-level `mainloop` function (particularly since it made it sound like the latter was a separate module rather than actually separate a function of this module (which I've confirmed via the commit history and previous docs was indeed the case).

> - Two input methods have been added: :func:`textinput` and
>   :func:`numinput`. These pop up input dialogs and return

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Two input methods have been added: :func:`Screen.textinput <textinput>` and
  :func:`Screen.numinput <numinput>`. These pop up input dialogs and return
```

* Restore removed module names as link text
